Update Readme + Dev docs (#3163)
cvmfs/cvmfs: README.md

use case includes frequent look-ups for files in multiple directories when
search paths are examined.

Content is published into `/cvmfs` by means of dedicated "release manager
machines". The release manager machines provide a writeable CernVM-FS instance

> by means of a union file system (`aufs` or `overlayfs`) on top of the read-only

Reviewer: I think we should remove references to aufs from the docs as we edit them. We are close to deprecating AUFS anyway.

```suggestion
by means of a union file system (e.g., `overlayfs`) on top of the read-only
```
